# Akeeba Portable Tools - License## Non-legally-binding introductionAkeeba Portable Tools are licensed under the [MIT license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License) a.k.a. the "Expat License" or the "3-clause BSD license". It is a permissive copyleft license which allows you to integrate parts of the code to your product, even if it's closed source.The license only refers to the software itself. The license does **not** grant you any right whatsoever over the Akeeba Ltd company name, logo, business marks or even the software's logo and name. These are assets covered by our copyright. Please contact us before using our company name or assets for purposes different than what would be considered "[fair use](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/what-is-fair-use/)".## Legal textCopyright (c) 2006-2017  Nicholas K. Dionysopoulos / Akeeba LtdPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.